                               Examples

 The following are several examples of how the above instructions can
 be used to develop gender exploits for dealing with transition, HRT
 and hormone assessments:

                 Gender Dysphoria as DSM-5 diagnosis

   1.  Learn about how gender dysphoria is diagnosed as a mental 
       disorder by reading the DSM-5 or by talking to trans people who
       have been diagnosed before. What limitations does it put on 
       people seeking hormones? What ways can this information be 
       exploited?

   2.  Learn about how people have previously used having access to 
       the DSM-5 to their advantage in the past. How have others 
       taken advantage of having access to a DSM-5 or knowledge about
       diagnosis prior to attending psychiatric assessments?

   3.  Create a plan or exploit for navigating a gender dysphoria 
       diagnosis using the information you gathered. For example, this
       could be lying about symptoms to better fit the outdated, 
       psychiatric conception of transness to ensure that you get a 
       diagnosis.

   4.  Experiment with this plan through executing it or through 
       communication with other people with experience or knowledge. 
       For example, you could find a psychologist which doesn’t
       believe in DSM-5 diagnostic criteria for gender dysphoria, 
       changing your plans about lying. Or maybe you still want to lie
       to ensure that you get diagnosed.

                    Taking Oral Estradiol Tablets

   1.  Learn about the history of estradiol administration for both
       trans and cis uses. How does this effect how estradiol is taken
       by trans people today? What are the limitations? 

   2.  Learn about how trans people have navigated the lack of 
       research for trans HRT and the resultant lack of good advice
       from most doctors and endocrinologists. Are there alternative
       ways or practices for taking HRT?

   3.  Create a plan or exploit for taking hormones. This can be one
       that utilizes unofficial practices like taking estradiol 
       tablets sublingually (dissolved under tongue) rather than 
       orally, or one that follows official advice, whatever is 
       beneficial for you. 

   4.  Experiment with your plan for taking HRT, maybe you will want
       to try practices from the trans community that aren’t 
       technically condoned, or maybe you’ll decide you don’t want
       hormones at all. 
